---
authors: Rye Whalen <rye@grcand.me>
state: prediscussion
---
# 1

## Step 1: Assessing Problems and Resources

There is not a clear established way in the industry for a start up business to conduct change control boards at scale 

## Step 2: Setting Goals and Desired Outcomes

this project is focused on building a change control process that leverages, python, R and data science to create fundamentaly sound engineering principles. 

## Step 3: Evidence-Based and Promising Practices

Consider the best evidenced based engineering princples that integrate Site Reliability Engineering (SRE), Architecture Decision Records, and auditing practices in line with reliable engineering principles. 

## Step 4: Assessing Fit for a Prevention Activity

This is the activity to consider when an organization should scale, and for the duration of the scale. If your team does not possess the skils interoperability is key. 

## Step 5: Determining Capacity

This is the calendar block, where you plan part of your organizations scheudle to achieve the objectives 

## Step 6: Planning to Implement and Evaluate

Key Performance Indicators, consider R and Business use cases in python for quick visualization and to leverage machine learning in this domain. 

## Step 7: Process Evaluation

Process evaluation engineering should look at the long term interoperability of the systems. 

## Step 8: Outcome Evaluation

What are the outcomes of the process, where are you now from where you started? 

## Step 9: Continuous Quality Improvement (CQI)

What can be improved, consumption? Compute? Local? Distributed where are  the long term growth principles based on fundamentals. 

## Step 10: Sustainability for a Prevention Activity

How will your organization ensure that you have the operability to examine these configurations where does it fit in your organizations metrics. 

